Add guardrails for remote model (#6750)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _ml-commons-plugin/remote-models/index.md

- For more information about connector parameters, see [Connector blueprints]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/ml-commons-plugin/remote-models/blueprints/).
- For more information about managing ML models in OpenSearch, see [Using ML models within OpenSearch]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/ml-commons-plugin/model-serving-framework/).
- For more information about interacting with ML models in OpenSearch, see [Managing ML models in OpenSearch Dashboards]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/ml-commons-plugin/ml-dashboard/)

> For steps to configure model guardrails, see [Guardrails]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/ml-commons-plugin/remote-models/guardrails/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For instructions on how to configure model guardrails, see [Guardrails]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/ml-commons-plugin/remote-models/guardrails/).
```
